README.md, before:

# Triangle

## Objectives

1.  Define a custom error and use it.

## Instructions

- Write a `Triangle` class that accepts three arguments on initialization. Each
  argument is a length of one of the three sides of the triangle.

- Give your Triangles an instance method, `kind` that returns, as a symbol, its
  type. The valid types are:

1.  `:equilateral`

2.  `:isosceles`

3.  `:scalene`

![Triagle types](https://curriculum-content.s3.amazonaws.com/module-1/ruby-metaprogramming/triangle-classification-lab/Image_141_MathematicalTriangles.png)

- The `kind` method should raise a custom error, `TriangleError` if the triangle
  is invalid. Check out the hint below to understand what makes a triangle
  invalid. Write a custom error class, `TriangleError` and inherit it from
  `StandardError`. This custom error class should be defined in the same file as
  the `Triangle` class, inside the `Triangle` class definition. Like
  this:

```ruby
# lib/triangle.rb

class Triangle
  # triangle code

  class TriangleError < StandardError
    # triangle error code
  end
end
```

## Hint

The sum of the lengths of any two sides of a triangle always exceeds the length
of the third side. This is a principle known as the _triangle inequality_.

Further, each side must be larger than 0.

## Resources

- [Exception Handling](http://www.skorks.com/2009/09/ruby-exceptions-and-exception-handling/)
- [Basic Mathematics](http://www.basic-mathematics.com/) - [Types of Triangles](http://www.basic-mathematics.com/types-of-triangles.html)

Commit message:

tadded instruction to skip rescue

README.md, after:

# Triangle Classification Lab

## Objectives

1. Define a custom error and use it.

## Instructions

- Write a `Triangle` class that accepts three arguments on initialization. Each
  argument is a length of one of the three sides of the triangle.

- Give your Triangles an instance method, `kind` that returns, as a symbol, its
  type. The valid types are:

1. `:equilateral`

2. `:isosceles`

3. `:scalene`

![Triagle types](https://curriculum-content.s3.amazonaws.com/module-1/ruby-metaprogramming/triangle-classification-lab/Image_141_MathematicalTriangles.png)

- The `kind` method should raise a custom error, `TriangleError` if the triangle
  is invalid. Check out the hint below to understand what makes a triangle
  invalid. Write a custom error class, `TriangleError` and inherit it from
  `StandardError`. This custom error class should be defined in the same file as
  the `Triangle` class, inside the `Triangle` class definition. Like
  this:

```ruby
# lib/triangle.rb

class Triangle
  # triangle code

  class TriangleError < StandardError
    # triangle error code
  end
end
```

**Note**: Several of the tests will be looking for the `TriangleError` to be raised. If you implement a `rescue` for it, however, the tests will not recognize that the error was raised. For purposes of this lab, therefore, you should not include a `rescue`.

## Hint

The sum of the lengths of any two sides of a triangle always exceeds the length
of the third side. This is a principle known as the _triangle inequality_.

Further, each side must be larger than 0.

## Resources

- [Exception Handling](http://www.skorks.com/2009/09/ruby-exceptions-and-exception-handling/)
- [Basic Mathematics](http://www.basic-mathematics.com/) - [Types of Triangles](http://www.basic-mathematics.com/types-of-triangles.html)
